Remove Article F (#20)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

    - 12h2) Clockwise, 120 degrees: R (the layer around the farthest visible bottom-right vertex), U (the layer around the farthest visible upper vertex), L (the layer around the farthest visible bottom-left vertex), B (the layer around the farthest non-visible back vertex).
    - 12h3) Counter-clockwise, 120 degrees: R' (the layer around the farthest visible bottom-right vertex), U' (the layer around the farthest visible upper vertex), L' (the layer around the farthest visible bottom-left vertex), B' (the layer around the farthest non-visible back vertex).
- 12i) Definition: A move is considered to be any change to the puzzle state in terms of the notation defined above, including misalignments beyond the limits described in [Regulation 10f](regulations:regulation:10f).

>     -12i1) Exception: For Clock, the only change in puzzle state considered to be a move is a wheel turning. Changes to the state of the pins are not considered to be moves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -12i1) Exception: For Clock, the only change in puzzle state considered to be a move is turning a wheel. Changes to the state of the pins are not considered to be moves.
```
This seems a little more natural to me and more in line with 12g3's wording. LTGM otherwise now.

>     -12i1) Exception: For Clock, the only change in puzzle state considered to be a move is a wheel turning. Changes to the state of the pins are not considered to be moves.

Reviewer 2: I'm not convinced that 12i1 is necessary. Pins are already clearly not covered by 12i. I'd be fine with a reminder in the guidelines

Reviewer: 12i refers to the notation above, which includes pin moves in 12g3, 12g3 and 12g4, so I think this is helpful

>     -12i1) Exception: For Clock, the only change in puzzle state considered to be a move is turning a wheel. Changes to the state of the pins are not considered to be moves.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - 12i1) Exception: For Clock, only changes in the position of the inner clock faces are considered to be moves. Changes to the state of the pins are not considered to be moves.
```
Simplify + expect someone to come up with a creative way to turn inner clock faces without turning the wheels (not even indirectly). :p

        - A3b4) When 12 seconds of inspection have elapsed, the judge calls "12 SECONDS".
        - A3b5) The judge stops timing inspection as soon as the competitor lifts their hands and starts the timer (see [Regulation A4d](regulations:regulation:A4d)).
    - A3c) The competitor may pick up the puzzle during inspection.

>         - A3c1) The competitor must not apply moves or intentional changes in alignment during inspection. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Exception: see [Regulation A3c2](regulations:regulation:A3c2) and [Regulation A3c5](regulations:regulation:A3c5). For Clock, the competitor may change the state of the pins during the inspection. These changes are not counted as moves.

Author: ```suggestion
        - A3c1) The competitor must not apply moves or intentional changes in alignment during inspection. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Exception: see [Regulation A3c2](regulations:regulation:A3c2) and [Regulation A3c5](regulations:regulation:A3c5).
```
